# Streamdeck_FSPanels-
 StreamDeck Panels for FS2020 using Flight Stream plugins

This is the Beginnings of my efforts to integrate my StreamDeck XL into my FlightSimulator 2020 experience. I got the Streamdeck to fullfill a number of needs one being tpo experiment with it as a controller for a number of aspects of a flight simulator. I've not used external panels or built a cockpit before and may or may notin the future but thus far Streamdeck has me highly intrigued.
When I started out I was just leverage native streamdeck functionality to find out what was possible and found it to be functional and useful but still incomplete.
Enter FlightTracker and the plugin to allow more direct connectionto the simulator through Microsoft Simconnect connector. The rest is history (sort of).

As I just noted my first experiences with Streamdeck Drove the Simulator by simulating KeyStrokes just as the Keyboard does and it worked pretty but but had all the usual limitations. I perserved and built button and functionality to first drive the C152 then the C172 Glass cockpit complete with Autopilot. I got that working well and fashioned as set of useful Buttons and have been learning about what works for me and what doesn't. 

What this package contains is a my current (early C172 profile), a set of ICONs I'm currently using and the Ivery MESSY ICON template files I've constructed that have allowed me to build a bunch of small stanardized icon components that I recolor and reu-use as needed. I wanted an efficient capable image editor that did not take 2 years and a rocket science degree to learn to use. I settled on Paint.NET which can be purchased from the Windows App Store for like $6-$8. I'm working to cleanup the ICOM Template files and further standarize their layouts. These are ICONs that work for me. If you don't like them, Create your own that fit your needs. I hope / plan to work with the Flight Tracker dev team to help improve their product and make it better than it already is.     
